Today we will talk about this Lohot Smart
Super Health Insurance Policy,
as you know that this slot has a lot of
Indian gote, if you don't agree with this then we are
launching it according to all the fans including Indians and will return back to the
plan, so before shooting the video I would like to say yes to you
my name is
Prince Chiku and I am a financial
planner, we bring you these videos so that
your digestive system makes life easy
because our company's
benefits run like office videos, from
Monday Smart Super Health Insurance,
first you will run when Little that you are my
moment, now you can take a policy from the child's speeddate to the
65th,
that between 1922 Affairs Vice
President Family
can be part with parents, if hydrogen
peroxide quality option web content is
available and individual is available, you
can apply this mask, life
insurance company cannot refuse to renew a policy, I will win
unit of
life science city van price policy of
Bollywood classic and above exactly website
classic  The one in the middle and uniform highways will be the
biggest teachers. Now if we talk about history then
basically the choice is intention
hospitalization in all the three Panchayat Samiti
variants, Bollywood classic and boiling, I
always tell you that hospitalization means expenses
before going to the hospital, in developed
countries and the rest of the express lines are
poisonous fruits from the hands of the country, they will be related to this pain system
statement, only then will
organ transplant of both of these be reversed, and the purse is
always anniversary, see in 2019 comment
accident, chilli and doubtful list commissioner, which is
Ayurvedic, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy, then if we
call it alternative treatment, then Dausa, Komodo, Sameshwar,
hospitalization is less for AYUSH, so for
AYUSH, some things are kept in mind,
giver is that there are nice government hospitals
for AYUSH and there are some conditions in it,
like the side should be at least and it
is specific, it should be for use and
here you are getting a shave done, it is
mandatory for them to keep a record of their patient, only then it is clean, intense, that is,
it qualifies.  AYUSH treatment
Chinese we, therefore, the news of hospitalization is an
accident Mr. Damle, hospitalization happens at
home, not in the past, not in the hospital,
Amazon does not have collections here,
minimum you have to be hospitalized directly,
so to get a hospitalization SIM, we will
talk about the remaining balance,
job - which is the condition of PC in this that
if it is useful after five years, then
you get 50% no claim bonus, like
whatever your time notification, you will get no claim bonus,
maximum hundred percent, it will be
reduced, if you have
above 28 and less than sixty five, then
in that case 20% of walking dead play maximum
two hundred percent and it will be
reduced on reaching the face, it is real mother,
so friend, if you have ABS in the policy, then you
also get health benefits, restoration
of always and this is called reload and this
fruit is also called your waist,
in the policy you get hundred percent of always but to
meet you, you cannot take two Jhalar Singhasan again
in clear and this Delhi
temperature  It happens that 14 of yours including 14 gets
disturbed only after that the
replace benefit figure is this press
conference benefit if you are hospitalized more than cold then the
companies give first mission
benefit in classic it is available
for tent house notification and in ubal
if your time start is first classification
and above that and 2001 time
benefits road ambulance chances
are available for oil circulation of body in 30 hospitalizations
volume is not available classic net
brothers can take rupees with me but I
can do this point and his team definition
how was Nirmal Mahato by the way Kerala ambulance
youth is needed and this one is available and
in last it is not available it
is available in ubal if there is 20 lakh fertilizer plant
Pappu used to do it and there
is plan above fertilizer above then there is limit up to ₹2
and damage to deep balance
outpatient assistance for dental treatment for
comment water to doctorate  Some dental
bookmeshow has to be done from President and
IPL, that garlic and will not be available along with it, it will be
available in the policy if there is more
time for 2630 glasses then ₹15 mode on fertilizer
maturity, special edition launch less
notification should be used, this gooseberry
policy will be given to you up to TDS on maximum
and Prakash, I have again
mentioned that it is available in potato pond, this optional benefit of 500 rupees per day can be
added by looking at the off, you will
get it in the strike line,
you have the option of 500 to 1000 day benefits, there is
corruption in Raghubar,
you can take the benefit of Sita rupees per day, the
premium will be decided clearly, each
media
is Amazon, waiting period of nine months in
all senior inspectors, there is a limit first, I am
telling you what is the limit, there is a 9 inch back
cover but you will have to take a 3 year policy of
front, if you talk about pimples like this then you can
take fertility treatment after the ninth  If you want to cover a part of the newborn baby, you
can also take it and just
in the dowry
rule there is a button of option 34 that I have cracked which
means delivery costs will be higher in this after
reaching prenatal there is
special significance for the baby so they are
responsible for the classic
zinc science book class 6 science
classes wanted in the plan above which is
thirty-one rupees to develop a boss your
guy we can
also add in this can do it okay the
boss will get it from his life
insurance policy above it ghrm ghrm
if you click then
subscribe
that here the contra voucher is defined which is like this
in border advantage soap SIM is
divided according to geographical location so your zone comes in
Ahmedabad animals New Delhi NCR
Hyderabad Kolkata Mumbai intruding rubble
of main in Surat here Salman so
no offer will be given here the total
premium will start if you come in zone-2
all state capitals come in zone-2
except above which  Apart from Salman, whatever
area is there, if you make Sontu then
you get 10 percent discount on the real
name of ninth grocery in rest of
India and secondly you get 15 choice
account, don't want to make cash payment,
if you take free turn of both wires on two
and are behind in Golmaal then you will have to
pay payment to Thakur Temple Run, your
husband, if you guys are really in the market then if I come to
meet you then I remember
you will have to pay the payment percentage,
so if you are on Amazon to me and you want to turn
off the alarm of celery at any time, in this policy the
maternity benefit is not clear,
your Surya Swift deliverer is cheating the account,
then your premium for Vitamin C benefit should
also be seen through this,
now let's talk about the insurance company, it
is so sensitive, whatever expenses will be there on husband, 30 days tomorrow,
whatever expenses are applied
expenses, hospitalization, they will
increase only, emergency
identification, every news specific 206
process  If it happens, people are honest.
Specified people undergo surgery, which is
not known for two years. So, here Mitthu has a
waiting period for specific tuition.
Settings are related to this. And
if you want to
reduce it for two years, then you
can reduce it by free band in ABS.
Mutton roti is mentioned in this meeting.
If you take a serious policy together, if you take a
critical illness rider, then in this the
waiting period of C country is
annual meeting loan and survival. It should be 30s.
You should be successful in doing the diagnosis of critical
illness. And I
would like to tell you about this. The insurance company is
not offering portability right now. Currently,
I can message other plans,
that option is not available. So, like me, in the
moment Smart Shopper Health Insurance
Policy, you can have some questions regarding the
phone number and email ID mentioned. You
can enlarge it. You can tell me in the comment section. If
you have any questions on this, please send a
reminder.  Why not subscribe to our channel?
Subscribe and
meet us in the next video. We have spread the word
that A
[Music]
and sing aur
Ajay ko
[Music]